WE GOT SOME BAD NEWS
YESTERDAY.
UM, PHIL'S MOM DIED.
IT WASN'T UNEXPECTED,
HE WAS WITH HER,
AND SHE WENT VERY PEACEFULLY
IN HER SLEEP.
SHE AND I HAD
A SPECIAL CONNECTION.
WE ALL DID.
BUT MOSTLY ME.
SHE SAID I WAS JUST LIKE HER.
WAS SHE
WEIRDLY COMPETITIVE, TOO?
THE WHOLE FAMILY IS GOING DOWN
TO FLORIDA TOMORROW
TO BE WITH PHIL FOR THE SERVICE.
IT'S SUCH A RELIEF.
I CAN FEEL HOW MUCH HE NEEDS ME
RIGHT NOW.
THERE THEY ARE.
HEY, GUYS.
OH!
OH, YOU BROUGHT
MY NECK PILLOW.
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
PHIL, I'M SO SORRY.
THANKS.
GRACE WAS SUCH A KIND
AND WHIMSICAL SOUL.
THE DIFFERENT ANIMALS
SHE PUT ANTLERS
ON FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS--
INSPIRED.
NOT A SINGLE ONE
WAS PHOTOSHOPPED.
NOT EVEN THE ALLIGATOR?
COST HER THE TIP OF HER PINKIE,
BUT SHE HAD NO REGRETS.
I'M SO GLAD
YOU GUYS ARE HERE.
I HOPE IT WASN'T TOO HARD
TO GET AWAY FROM WORK.
NO. PLEASE,
ANYTHING FOR FAMILY.
ANYTHING TO GET ME OUT
OF THAT OFFICE.
UGH! IT'S ALL BORING PAPERWORK
AND ENDLESS MEETINGS.
HONESTLY, THIS FUNERAL COULD NOT
HAVE COME AT A BETTER TIME.
AW, THAT'S SWEET. YOU SHOULD
PUT THAT ON THE FLOWERS.
GLORIA, YOU MUST BE SO HOT
IN THAT.
I AM IN MOURNING.
IN COLOMBIA,
WE TAKE DEATH VERY SERIOUSLY.
WHERE DON'T THEY?
CAN WE LOSE THE VEIL?
NOBODY'S
LOOKING FOR YOU, GLORIA.
WHO IS GLORIA?
I AM A WANTED WOMAN IN FLORIDA.
I USED TO LIVE THERE,
AND WHEN I LEFT,
MY ROOMMATE MADE OUR APARTMENT
INTO A HOUSE OF PROSTITUTION,
AND MY NAME WAS STILL
ON THE LEASE.
IT'S LIKE A TRAFFIC TICKET.
YOU WALK INTO COURT, PAY A FINE,
IT'S DONE.
QUICK AND EASY.
YES, THAT WAS THE NAME
OF THE WHOREHOUSE.
MITCHELL, CAN YOU GO
WITH HER TO COURT?
SHE'S GONNA NEED
SOME SORT OF LAWYER.
UH, YOU KNOW, JAY, MITCHELL IS
SO BURNT OUT RIGHT NOW.
HE IS IN DESPERATE NEED
OF A BREAK.
BENCH WARRANTS ARE A NO-BRAINER.
AND, I MEAN, COME ON.
DOES GLORIA REALLY LOOK LIKE
THE KIND OF WOMAN
WHO WOULD RUN A BROTHEL?
YEAH, I BETTER GO WITH HER.
YOU SHOULD GO.
YEAH.
MM-HMM.
♪♪
THERE THEY ARE!
HEY.
OH, YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
HOW ARE YOU HOLDING UP, HMM?
OH, WELL, YOU KNOW...
WE'RE GETTING THROUGH IT.
HUH, DAD?
AH. I'M DOING OKAY.
A LITTLE TROUBLE SLEEPING.
I'M SO USED TO HER SNORING
I MAY HAVE TO BORROW
THE NEIGHBOR'S BULLDOG.
(all chuckle)
MORNING, CHARLOTTE!
THIS IS MY FAMILY
FROM CALIFORNIA!
I CAN TELL. THEY ALL LOOK
LIKE MOVIE STARS.
OH, THANK YOU.
THAT'S NUTS. I KNOW THAT WOMAN,
BUT I HAVE NO IDEA FROM WHERE.
YEAH. THIS PLACE IS FULL
OF STORIES LIKE THAT.
(whirring)
GOOD MORNING,
MR. DUNPHY, VISITORS.
PLEASE, SHELLEY,
CALL ME FRANK.
NO, SIR.
THAT MIGHT BE THE WAY THEY
DO THINGS AT WHISTLING PINES,
BUT WE RUN A TIGHT SHIP
HERE AT LEISURE PARK.
AS PER YOUR REQUEST,
I HAVE RESERVED
THE LAKESIDE PROMENADE
THIS EVENING FOR ONE HOUR,
BEGINNING AT 5:00 P.M.,
FOR YOUR MEMORIAL SERVICE.
MAY I REMIND YOU THAT THERE'S
NO SMOKING ON THE GROUNDS,
NO GLASS NEAR THE LAKE,
NO FEEDING THE DUCKS?
AND I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
THANK YOU.
NO FEEDING THE DUCKS.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING
AT ME FOR?
(snaps fingers)
(ducks quacking in distance)
I LOVE IT HERE--
MANICURED LAWNS,
PLANNED ACTIVITIES,
EARLY DINNERS.
WHAT MORE DOES A KID NEED?
OH, YEAH. AND EVERYONE'S
SO POLITE AND CONSIDERATE--
NOTHING LIKE THE CONSTANT
CATFIGHTS IN MY CIRCLE,
WHERE EVERY WEEK,
SOMEBODY'S MAD AT SOMEBODY
FOR GOD KNOWS WHO WHAT,
AND I'M ALWAYS THROWN
INTO THE MIDDLE. (laughs)
YOU SEEM TENSE.
YOU KNOW,
THEY HAVE A STEAM ROOM.
WANT TO JOIN ME FOR A SCHVITZ?
PLEASE, IT'S FLORIDA.
IF I WANT TO SWEAT MORE,
I'LL JUST MOVE MY ARMS.
YOU GO HAVE FUN.
HEY, YOU.
ARE YOU LIKING THAT BOOK?
WELL, IT'S NOT THE WORST THING
I'VE PICKED UP AT AN AIRPORT,
BUT CLOSE.
(women laugh)
WHAT IS THIS,
A BOOK CLUB
OR A MISS AMERICA PAGEANT?
(all laugh)
WE'RE LOOKING FOR
OUR NEXT BOOK.
OH, WHAT ARE YOU READING NOW?
"TEMPTED BY
HER INNOCENT KISS."
I-I'M SURE YOU DON'T KNOW IT.
OH, PLEASE.
DEVON CARTER
WAS ASHLEY'S FIRST,
SHE WANTS THEIR PASSION
TO LAST,
BUT HER HOPES OF TRUE LOVE
ARE CRUSHED
WHEN SHE FINDS OUT
THEIR MARRIAGE
IS JUST ANOTHER
ONE OF DADDY'S BUSINESS DEALS.
I'M GAY.
OH! MY GRANDSON IS GAY.
HIS NAME IS DANIEL SCHULMAN.
UH, DO YOU KNOW HIM?
OH! IS HE ABOUT THIS TALL,
DARK HAIR, CIRCUMCISED?
(women laugh)
(woman) TERRIBLE!
(Mitchell) DON'T BE NERVOUS.
I'LL EXPLAIN YOUR SITUATION.
WE'LL HAVE YOU OUT OF HERE
IN NO TIME.
30 DAYS IN COUNTY JAIL.
(gavel bangs)
(gasps) AY!
WHAT?
OOH, SHE'S TOUGH.
(judge) NEXT.
ANITA MENCHACA.
PETTY THEFT.
SI.
(Spanish accent) MISTER,
YOU'RE A LAWYER?
HELP ME, PLEASE.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I'M HER LAWYER.
NO, NO, HELP HER,
SO THIS WILL GO FASTER.
AND SHE REMINDS ME
OF MY ABUELA,
WITH HER HEAD SCARF
AND HER PETTY THEFT CHARGES.
HERE, YOUR HONOR.
I'M MITCHELL PRITCHETT,
ATTORNEY TO MISS MANCHEGO.
MENCHACA.
AH, YEAH...
ARE YOU READY TO ENTER
A PLEA?
ABSOLUTELY.
I SEE NO REASON
WHY THIS MATTER
SHOULD TAKE UP ANY MORE
OF THE COURT'S VALUABLE TIME.
NOT GUILTY, YOUR HONOR.
WHY?
GONNA NEED A MINUTE.
(scoffs)
LOOK WHAT MY DAD
JUST GAVE ME.
PLEASE TELL ME
THAT'S NOT YOUR MOM.
NO, NO. SHE PICKED OUT
HER OWN URN.
MY DAD KEEPS SAYING
IT'S A SIZE TOO SMALL
BUT SHE SQUEEZED INTO IT.
AW.
(chuckles)
NO, THIS IS STUFF SHE LEFT
FOR THE KIDS.
CAN I... OPEN IT?
YEAH.
WOW.
THERE'S A NOTE FOR YOU.
I CAN'T READ IT.
OKAY.
WOULD YOU?
ALL RIGHT.
(inhales deeply)
"DEAR PHIL,
"YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
THE MOST WONDERFUL SON,
AND NOW I NEED YOU TO DO
ONE LAST THING FOR ME."
OH, NO!
SHE'S GONNA ASK ME TO THROW
HER ASHES IN THE POPE'S FACE.
"DON'T SAY ANYTHING
TO YOUR FATHER
"BECAUSE HE'LL JUST RESIST,
"BUT THERE'S A WOMAN
NAMED ANNIE FITZSIMMONS
"WHO LIVES
A FEW STREETS OVER.
"WE DON'T KNOW HER VERY WELL,
BUT I'VE ALWAYS ADMIRED HER,
"AND I THINK SHE'D BE PERFECT
FOR YOUR DAD.
SO BEFORE YOU GO HOME, I WANT
YOU TO FIX HIM UP WITH HER."
THAT IS CRAZY!
"I KNOW THIS SOUNDS CRAZY,
"BUT SINGLE MEN
ARE IN SHORT SUPPLY HERE.
"AND A LOT OF SCHEMING HARPIES
WILL SWOOP IN
"BEFORE YOUR FATHER KNOWS
WHAT HIT HIM.
I LOVE FRANK, BUT HE'LL FOLLOW
ANYTHING WITH A CASSEROLE."
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS.
IT'S TOO SOON, AND MY DAD'S NOT
A CARTOON BEAR.
HE'S PERFECTLY CAPABLE OF MAKING
INTELLIGENT DECISIONS.
HEY, GUYS?
I MADE COOKIES.
OH, GOOD.
I THOUGHT THAT WAS A NEIGHBOR.
HEY, KIDS, YOUR GRANDMA LEFT
EACH OF YOU SOMETHING.
COOL! ROCKPORTS!
IT'S JUST THE BOX.
(Luke) UH-HUH.
(Alex) OH, MY GOD.
THERE'S A LETTER.
I DON'T KNOW
IF I'M READY FOR THIS.
ALTHOUGH IF GRANDMA WROTE IT,
SHE MUST HAVE SENSED
I WAS READY.
BECAUSE YOU HAD SUCH A BOND?
YOU FELT IT, TOO?
HALEY, WHY DON'T YOU TELL US
WHAT YOURS SAYS?
WELL, IT'S SO SWEET.
IT'S ABOUT HOW BEAUTIFUL
I AM INSIDE AND--
SCORE! JEWELRY
WHOA! CHECK IT OUT!
LOOK AT THAT.
(Claire gasps)
YOUR GRANDMA LOVED
POCKET WATCHES.
AW!
SHE SAID THEY MADE A MAN
LOOK DIGNIFIED.
IS THIS CHAIN
IN CASE YOU SWALLOW IT?
NO, BUT SUDDENLY
I'M GLAD IT'S THERE.
A LIGHTER?
HUH.
WHAT DOES THE NOTE SAY?
(click)
"THIS IS A LIGHTER."
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW MUCH CLEARER
COULD SHE HAVE BEEN?
I WOULDN'T READ TOO MUCH
INTO IT.
YOUR GRANDMA LOVED YOU
VERY MUCH.
SHE JUST DID A COUPLE OF
BIZARRE THINGS TOWARDS THE END.
HERE, ALEX, I CAN HELP YOU OUT
WITH THAT.
YOU ARE GETTING VERY SLEEPY.
A CRAPPY OLD LIGHTER IS NOT
A SUCKY GIFT.
HONEY, HEY, HEY. SO YOU'RE NOT
GONNA DO WHAT YOUR MOM ASKED?
MARRY OFF MY DAD
TO A COMPLETE STRANGER
ON THE DAY OF HER FUNERAL?
I THINK NOT.
IT WAS HER LAST WISH.
WHEN MY DAD IS READY, HE GETS
TO PICK HIS OWN GIRLFRIEND.
THAT'S THE BIG UPSIDE
TO YOUR WIFE DYING.
ALSO, NOT HAVING TO THINK
BEFORE YOU SPEAK.
YEAH.
YOUR HONOR,
IT ALL BOILS DOWN TO THIS.
THE MOTEL OWES MISS MENCHENGO--
MENCHACA.
(lowered voice)
DAMN IT. EVERY TIME.
(normal voice) MORE IN WAGES
THAN SHE EVER COULD'VE TAKEN
IN SOAPS AND TINY SHAMPOOS.
FINE.
CASE DISMISSED.
(gavel bangs)
YES!
(laughs)
AH! YAY!
GRACIAS! MUCHAS GRACIAS.
DE NADA. DE NADA.
(gasps) DID YOU SEE THAT?
I WON! I-I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
YEAH. IT SCARES ME THAT WINNING
IS SUCH A SURPRISE FOR YOU.
NEXT!
MATTHEW PLONKSER.
PARKING VIOLATIONS.
I THOUGHT I'D BE A LITTLE RUSTY,
BUT APPARENTLY NOT.
(whispers indistinctly)
OH! REALLY? SWEET.
YES! GO MAKE YOUR MISTAKES
WITH HIM.
I DON'T WANT TO GO TO JAIL
FOR PROSTITUTION.
(sighs deeply)
LIKE YOU COULD AFFORD ME.
IT SEEMS TO ME
IT WASN'T ONLY THE METER
THAT WAS BROKEN
THAT FATEFUL AFTERNOON.
NAY!
IT WAS THE ENTIRE
CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM.
THEREFORE I SUBMIT TO YOU,
THE ONLY "INFLUENCE"
MY CLIENT WAS UNDER THAT NIGHT
WAS HIS LOVE OF BOATING.
SHAME!
I JUST DON'T GET IT.
WHY WOULD SHE GIVE ME A LIGHTER?
MAYBE SHE WANTS YOU TO BURN
ALL YOUR CLOTHES.
IS IT POSSIBLE WE DIDN'T HAVE
THE CONNECTION I THOUGHT WE DID?
(sighs) I DON'T KNOW.
YOU HEARD DAD.
SHE WAS ON ALL THAT MEDICATION
TOWARDS THE END.
PEOPLE DO WEIRD THINGS
WHEN THEY'RE ON DRUGS.
WHEN DYLAN WAS ON VICODIN
AFTER HIS ROOT CANAL,
HE BOUGHT THE COMPLETE DVD SET
OF "DR. QUINN MEDICINE WOMAN."
(siren wailing)
(siren stops wailing)
GET GOING, LADIES.
THE POOL'S FOR RESIDENTS ONLY.
OH, OKAY. SORRY.
WE'LL LEAVE.
UH, NO, WE WON'T.
THERE'S NOBODY HERE.
(lowered voice) HALEY!
WHY CAN'T WE USE THE POOL?
BECAUSE THOSE ARE THE RULES.
ARE WE GONNA
HAVE A PROBLEM HERE?
YOU DON'T SCARE ME.
I'VE BEEN IN REAL JAIL.
OH, YOU TWO ARE PRETTY SMART,
AREN'T YOU?
NO.
ONLY SHE IS.
NORTH.
FLOWERS.
RED.
ONE DOT.
(clears throat)
TWO BAM.
(gasps)
I HAVE MAHJ!
HEE HEE!
AGAIN?!
WOW, YOU'RE REALLY ON
SOME STREAK, EDITH.
LUCK OF THE TILES.
(chuckles)
ANYONE ELSE WANT SOME PUNCH?
YEAH.
I'LL JOIN YOU.
(gasps) YOU ARE VERY GOOD.
WELL...
WHERE'D A FARM BOY LIKE YOU
LEARN TO PLAY MAHJONG?
(chuckles) OH, WELL,
ONE SUMMER,
I WORKED AT THE CENTRAL MISSOURI
B'NAI B'RITH.
IT'S THE NATION'S
SMALLEST CHAPTER.
(chuckles)
(lowered voice)
LISTEN, MARILYN,
I DON'T MEAN
TO STIR THINGS UP,
BUT I JUST SAW EDITH TAKE
THE WINNING TILE OUT
OF HER JACKET POCKET.
(lowered voice) I KNEW IT!
NOBODY'S THAT GOOD!
LISTEN, I'M AS SHOCKED
AS YOU ARE.
IT JUST DOESN'T SEEM
LIKE EDITH.
YEAH, WELL, IT GOES TO SHOW,
YOU THINK YOU KNOW SOMEONE...
HEY. WHAT HAPPENED
TO ALL THE COOKIES?
OH, WELL, YOU KNOW I HATE
TO STIR THINGS UP...
EXCUSE ME.
YES?
JAY PRITCHETT.
FRANK DUNPHY'S SON
IS MARRIED TO MY DAUGHTER.
OH, I'M SO SORRY.
AH, HE GROWS ON YOU.
OH, YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
THE DEATH. THANK YOU.
YOU LOOK VERY FAMILIAR TO ME.
DID YOU EVER LIVE IN OHIO?
NO. (chuckles)
I'M FROM PENSACOLA.
AND THEN IT HIT ME.
I HAD DONE MY BASIC TRAINING
IN PENSACOLA.
SHE WAS MY FIRST.
I'LL NEVER FORGET HER--
CHARLOTTE SOMEBODY.
I WAS 18, AND SHE WAS 31.
AND WE FELL PRETTY HARD
FOR EACH OTHER.
I ALWAYS FELT BAD
I NEVER CALLED HER
WHEN I GOT BACK FROM VIETNAM.
ESPECIALLY BECAUSE
BY THEN I HAD,
YOU KNOW...
LEARNED A FEW THINGS.
I'M SORRY.
YOU'LL HAVE TO FORGIVE ME.
MY MEMORY ISN'T WHAT
IT USED TO BE.
I WAS IN THE NAVY.
JAY PRITCHETT.
LITTLE MORE UP HERE,
LITTLE LESS DOWN HERE.
I'M SURE YOU'RE
A VERY NICE MAN,
BUT I-I THINK YOU MAY HAVE
MISTAKEN ME FOR SOMEONE ELSE.
I WAS SHIPPING OFF
TO VIETNAM.
YOU HAD THE ASS
OF A YOUNG ANN-MARGRET.
YEAH, THAT WAS ME.
GRANDMA LOOKS SO HAPPY HERE.
YEAH.
WE WERE PRETTY HAMMERED.
THAT WAS LAST 4th OF JULY--
GRANDMA'S FAVORITE HOLIDAY.
THE PLIMPTONS HAD A BARBECUE,
AND GRAM AND I GOT A LITTLE
TIPSY ON GINGER MARGARITAS.
WE CAME HOME FOR A CATNAP
AND SLEPT RIGHT THROUGH
THE BIG FIREWORKS SHOW.
FIRST ONE SHE EVER MISSED.
BOY, WAS SHE MAD.
I MADE IT UP
TO HER WITH A LITTLE
FIREWORKS SHOW OF OUR OWN LATER.
GRANDPA!
A COUPLE OF GLOW STICKS
AND A SLINGSHOT IN THE BACKYARD.
OH.
WHICH LED TO SOME
PRETTY MEMORABLE LOVEMAKING.
NOT TO CHANGE THE SUBJECT,
BUT I DON'T REALLY GET
THE GIFT GRANDMA LEFT ME.
WELL, DIDN'T SHE EXPLAIN IT
IN THE NOTE?
NO.
THE NOTE'S FOUR WORDS.
YOU KNOW IT OPENS, RIGHT?
IT DOES?
SURE. LOOK, IT'S FLORIDA.
EVERYTHING STICKS TOGETHER.
(chuckles)
IT'S ALL SO WEIRD.
MM.
THIS THING YOU DREAD
IN THE BACK OF YOUR MIND
SUDDENLY BECOMES REAL.
I KNOW.
I FEEL BETTER
HAVING YOU HERE, THOUGH.
OH, I'M ALWAYS HERE FOR YOU.
LOOK AT THAT HOUSE.
THAT IS A CUTE HOUSE.
MM.
I WONDER WHO LIVES THERE.
I DON'T KNOW.
HUH.
(latch clicks)
CLAIRE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I LOVE THIS HOUSE.
I BET YOU ANYTHING I WOULD LOVE
WHOEVER LIVES HERE.
(rings doorbell)
(lowered voice) WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT LADY FROM MY MOM'S LETTER
LIVES HERE, DOESN'T SHE?
ANNIE FITZSIMMONS.
PHIL, LISTEN TO ME.
YOU MAY HAVE YOUR REASONS
FOR NOT WANTING TO DO THIS,
BUT YOUR MOTHER WAS
A VERY WISE WOMAN.
SHE BELIEVED THAT WHOEVER
IS BEHIND THAT DOOR
WOULD MAKE YOUR FATHER HAPPY
FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE.
(door creaks)
YEAH.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
SHE'S PERFECT.
I THOUGHT ANNIE FITZSIMMONS
LIVED HERE.
SHE DOES.
ANNIE, HONEY!
THERE'S PEOPLE HERE
TO SEE YA!
HI.
CAN I HELP YOU?
WE'RE SELLING VACUUM CLEANERS.
WOW. THAT IS STRANGE.
I KNOW.
BECAUSE JUST THIS MORNING,
MY VACUUM CLEANER BROKE.
HUH.
THAT'S ON ME.
I SHED LIKE A COLLIE.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
YES, CLAIRE,
I DIDN'T BRING IT.
YOU DIDN'T BRING IT?
NO.
YOU HAD IT WHEN WE LEFT
THE VACUUM CLEANER OFFICE.
I GUESS IT'S FAIR TO SAY
YOU'VE MADE A HUGE MISTAKE.
MM.
NO, SAY IT.
I'M SORRY TO DO THAT.
IT'S PART OF THE TRAINING.
(exhales)
I'VE MADE A HUGE MISTAKE.
I DON'T THINK
SHE'S GONNA WORK OUT.
(gate opens and closes)
(laughs) THAT'S MAHJ AGAIN!
OH! WELL, SHOCKER. (chuckles)
THAT'S IT.
YOU'RE CHEATING.
I AM NOT.
OH, PLEASE! YOU'VE STASHED MORE
TILES THAN MARILYN HAS COOKIES!
OH!
O-OKAY. UH, LET'S JUST
TAKE A BREATH.
WHO CARES ABOUT TILES OR COOKIES
OR WHATEVER HATTIE'S
SLIPPING INTO HER COFFEE?
(gasps)
I KNEW
YOU WERE DRINKING AGAIN!
THAT'S HOW SHE LOST
HER LICENSE.
YOU SHUT YOUR TRAPS!
DROP DEAD!
SCREW YOU!
YEAH, YOU, TOO!
LADIES.
AND YOU!
STOP IT!
YOU--STOP IT.
YOU HAVE BEEN FRIENDS
FOR 20 YEARS.
WHAT ON EARTH HAS GOTTEN
INTO YOU ALL?
WHY DOES DRAMA KEEP FOLLOWING ME
EVERYWHERE I GO?
IT JUST KEEPS POPPING UP
OUT OF NOWHERE.
(lowered voice) LIKE CRISPIN'S
HAIR PLUGS. (chuckles)
AND SO WE WENT
TO YOUR APARTMENT.
IT'S STILL EMBARRASSING.
I TOLD YOU I HAD NEVER BEEN
WITH A WOMAN.
AH.
AND YOU TOOK ME BY THE HAND
AND YOU LED ME INTO THE BEDROOM.
YOU WERE SO SWEET
AND BEAUTIFUL.
I THOUGHT I'D GONE
TO HEAVEN.
JAY PRITCHETT.
YES! YES!
OH! (laughs)
I REMEMBER THAT.
YOU WERE SO HANDSOME.
OHH!
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
I MEAN, CUTE, MAYBE.
I--PEOPLE TALK ABOUT MY EYES.
BUT I ALWAYS REGRETTED
NOT GETTING IN TOUCH WITH YOU
WHEN I GOT BACK,
BECAUSE YOU HAD GIVEN ME
SOMETHING THAT I CHERISHED
FOR ALMOST 50 YEARS.
YOU GAVE ME SOMETHING, TOO.
I DID?
YOU WAIT RIGHT THERE.
I'M DOWN THERE FOR A FUNERAL--
IT'S SUCH A SAD EVENT--
AND I END UP FINDING SOMETHING
THAT I THOUGHT WAS LOST FOREVER.
THIS BEAUTIFUL MOMENT THAT MEANT
SO MUCH TO BOTH OF US,
SET AGAINST THE BACKDROP
OF FIGHTING COMMIES.
THERE'S YOUR MOVIE.
I REMEMBER EXACTLY WHERE I WAS
WHEN YOU GAVE IT TO ME.
YOU SAID, "WEAR THIS BEC--"
NO, NO.
THIS ISN'T MINE.
AND I NEVER WENT
TO JEFFERSON HIGH.
OH.
MY MISTAKE.
AH! HERE IT IS.
YOU SAID, "PIN THIS--"
NO, NO. N-NO.
NEVER GOT A MEDAL.
AND, UH...
THIS IS THE WRONG BRANCH
OF SERVICE.
OF COURSE.
(medal clinks)
THESE ARE TH--
NEVER WROTE.
(thud)
WHY DON'T YOU LOOK
THROUGH HERE?
TURNS OUT SHE SENT MORE MEN
OFF TO WAR THAN LYNDON JOHNSON.
WHILE WE'RE HERE
YOU WANT TO TRY
TO SELL MY DAD A VACUUM?
TEASE ME ALL YOU WANT.
I AM GLAD
THAT WE AT LEAST TRIED.
I KNOW YOU MEAN WELL, BUT HE'S
GONNA BE FINE ON HIS OWN.
SO FUNNY.
(laughter)
OOH!
HERE. TRY MINE, FRANK.
OH! I BET IT'S DELICIOUS.
MMM.
IF YOUR TASTE BUDS ARE DEAD.
DEAD? REAL SENSITIVE, MYRA.
THE WOMAN'S NOT EVEN COLD...
UNLIKE YOUR EGGPLANT PARM.
(lowered voice)
WHAT IS GOING ON?
OH, IT'S A FEEDING FRENZY.
THEY'RE ALL OVER HIM.
THEY'RE PRACTICALLY MEASURING
THE WINDOWS FOR NEW DRAPES.
IT'S DISGUSTING.
I MUST GET THIS RECIPE, MYRA.
OH, SURE.
YOU WANT THE RECIPE?
IT'S THAW, HEAT, AND SERVE.
MY MOM WAS RIGHT.
THEY'RE GONNA EAT HIM ALIVE.
DO YOU THINK WE CAN BREAK UP
ANNIE FITZSIMMONS
AND HER BOYFRIEND?
BOYFRIEND?
OH, YOU MEAN MARV? OH,
THAT'S HILARIOUS. (laughs) OH!
MARV'S HER BROTHER,
VISITING FROM POMPANO.
(gasps)
HE'S HERE FOR THE WEEK,
SLEPT WITH HALF THE WOMEN
IN THIS PLACE.
SHE'S SINGLE?
THIS IS FANTASTIC.
CAM, HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
THIS PLACE IS
LOUSY WITH GOSSIPS.
NEXT. GLORIA DELGADO?
I'M HERE!
CONSPIRING TO PROMOTE
PROSTITUTION. HOW DO YOU PLEAD?
NOT GUILTY, YOUR HONOR.
OH, GOOD. IT'S YOU.
YOUR MAJESTY,
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WRONG.
BUT I WILL SAY
THAT I AM GUILTY
IF I CAN JUST PAY THE FINE
AND GO HOME.
(laughs) NO, YOU WON'T.
YOU'RE INNOCENT,
AND I CAN PROVE IT.
YOUR HONOR,
THIS DOCUMENT HERE SHOWS
THAT MY CLIENT WAS A RESIDENT
OF CALIFORNIA AT THE TIME.
AND THESE CANCELED CHECKS
PROVE THAT SHE WAS LEGALLY
SUBLETTING
THE APARTMENT IN QUESTION.
I MIGHT BE A SIMPLE MAN,
BUT I DO KNOW ONE THING...
(Southern accent)
IF A DOG DON'T BARK--
OKAY, I CAN'T LISTEN TO HIM
ANYMORE.
CASE DISMISSED.
(bangs gavel)
COURT ADJOURNED.
AAH! (laughs) OH!
AAH! GRACIAS, MITCHELL!
YOU'RE WONDERFUL! (laughs)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE GOT LUCKY BECAUSE I HAD
NO ENDING TO THAT DOG THING.
MM. IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO NEXT WEEK,
MAYBE YOU CAN GO WITH ME
TO TEXAS.
(door creaks)
HELLO AGAIN.
OH, NO. YOU'RE ALONE.
DID YOU FIRE THAT NICE GIRL?
NO. SHE'S NOT A NICE GIRL.
SHE'S MY WIFE.
AND WE DON'T SELL VACUUMS.
THANK GOD. YOU'D STARVE.
(chuckles) U-UM,
I-I-I'M ACTUALLY PHIL DUNPHY.
I-I'M FRANK
AND GRACE DUNPHY'S SON.
OH, I HEARD ABOUT YOUR MOM.
I'M--I'M SO SORRY.
THANK YOU.
I ONLY MET HER A FEW TIMES,
BUT SHE SEEMED LIKE
A LOVELY WOMAN.
BUT I'M STILL CONFUSED.
WELL, THIS PROBABLY WON'T HELP,
BUT, UM...
HER LAST REQUEST WAS FOR ME
TO FIX YOU UP WITH MY DAD.
OH, MY.
YEAH.
I REALLY WISH
I SOLD VACUUMS.
SO EARLIER...
WE WERE THROWN WHEN YOUR BROTHER
ANSWERED THE DOOR.
WE THOUGHT HE WAS
YOUR BOYFRIEND.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
REALLY? THIS IS SUCH
A-A NORMAL REQUEST I'M MAKING.
PLEASE, BY THE WAY,
DON'T FEEL PRESSURED AT ALL.
MY DAD DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
ABOUT THIS.
I-I JUST--I HAD TO TELL YOU.
IT'S WHAT SHE WANTED.
SHE WAS ALWAYS DOING
CRAZY STUFF LIKE THIS...
(voice breaking) GOING OUT OF
HER WAY TO TAKE CARE OF US.
I COUGHED ON THE PHONE ONCE,
AND SHE OVERNIGHTED ME SOUP.
(chuckles)
WHEN I WANTED TO LEARN
HOW TO SKI,
SHE KNIT ME A SWEATER.
WHEN I WANTED TO BE
A MARINE BIOLOGIST,
SHE KNIT ME A SWEATER
WITH A WHALE ON IT.
(laughs)
(whispers) WHO DOES THAT?
THAT'S JUST THE KIND OF PERSON
SHE IS.
WAS.
OH, SWEETIE.
YOU'RE A GOOD SON.
SHE WAS RIGHT.
YOU ARE VERY NICE.
(playing "Amazing Grace")
(Cameron crying softly)
(voice breaking)
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL SERVICE.
IT REALLY MAKES YOU THINK ABOUT
HOW YOU WANT TO LIVE YOUR LIFE.
I WANT TO QUIT MY JOB
AND GET BACK INTO THE COURTROOM.
WHAT?
YEAH. JUST--JUST DON'T
SAY ANYTHING TO ANYONE.
WELL, WHO AM I GONNA TELL?
(songs ends)
THANK YOU, MEL.
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
(frogs croaking)
UM, BEFORE WE SAY GOOD NIGHT,
MY DAUGHTER ALEX
WOULD LIKE TO PAY TRIBUTE.
(whispers) THANKS, SWEETIE.
(breathes deeply)
MY GRANDMOTHER AND I HAD
A VERY SPECIAL BOND.
(under breath)
SERIOUSLY? AGAIN?
THIS MAY NOT MAKE SENSE
TO EVERYONE,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
SHE WOULD'VE LOVED IT.
(clicks open lighter)
(fireworks whistling
and exploding)
(Alex's voice)
"THIS IS A LIGHTER.
"IT BELONGED TO
MY FAVORITE ACTOR, PAUL NEWMAN.
"ONE DAY,
HE CAME INTO THE RESTAURANT
"WHERE I WAS WAITRESSING
"AND ACCIDENTALLY
LEFT IT BEHIND.
"FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE,
"I DID SOMETHING
I WASN'T SUPPOSED TO
AND SLIPPED IT INTO MY POCKET."
"ONE OF THE CUSTOMERS SAW
"AND SAID, 'DON'T WORRY.
YOUR SECRET'S SAFE WITH ME.
"THAT CUSTOMER TURNED OUT TO BE
THE LOVE OF MY LIFE,
"YOUR GRANDFATHER.
"SO, MY ALEX,
WHO I LOVE SO DEARLY,
"WHO IS PROBABLY TOO MUCH
LIKE ME FOR HER OWN GOOD,
"EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE,
"DON'T BE AFRAID
TO BREAK THE RULES.
YOU NEVER KNOW
WHAT CAN HAPPEN."
HOW 'BOUT THIS WEATHER?
YEP. THEY SAY IT'S SUPPOSED
TO RAIN.
WE NEED IT.
MURIEL.
HEY! ARE YOU TWO PACKED UP
AND READY TO GO?
(both) YEP.
WHERE DOES THE TIME GO?
DARNED IF I KNOW.
EVERYONE'S ALWAYS
IN SUCH A HURRY.
AND WHY? WE'RE ALL GONNA END UP
IN THE SAME PLACE.
WELL, I GUESS
WE BETTER MOSEY.
(both groan)
(both exhale loudly)